Plugin throughput, worker utilization and worker cost per event flow metrics. (#14743)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/monitoring/monitoring-apis.asciidoc

      This means it grows gradually as individual events are added, but shrinks in large chunks each time a whole page of processed events is reclaimed (read more: <<garbage-collection, PQ disk garbage collection>>).
|===

[discrete]
[[plugin-flow-rates]]
===== Plugin flow rates

> Input plugin entry of pipeline in the API response includes `throughput` to provide visibility into the flow of events through the input plugin.

Author: ```suggestion
Input plugin entry of pipeline in the API response includes `throughput` <<flow-stats,_flow_ rate>> to provide visibility into the flow of event rates through the input plugin.
```

> Filter and output plugin entries of pipeline in the API response include `worker_utilization` metric, indicates how many percentage of work the workers spent when proceeding event processing through the plugin and `worker_cost_per_event` metric, indicates how much time the workers spent on each event while processing through the plugin.

Author: @yaauie as always I have a favor for you to review these important lines. As much as I think about `worker_cost_per_event`, I have only one candidate which similar `worker_time_per_event`. Let me please know if we can rename to better candidate. Thanks a lot!
